faq: add PD encryption error "fail to get encryption key from file" (#16052)
pingcap/docs: faq/manage-cluster-faq.md

This is because the `--initial-cluster` in the PD startup parameter contains a member that doesn't belong to this cluster. To solve this problem, check the corresponding cluster of each member, remove the wrong member, and then restart PD.

> ### Error when Enabling Static Encryption in PD: `[PD:encryption:ErrEncryptionNewMasterKey]fail to get encryption key from file /root/path/file%!(EXTRA string=open /root/path/file: permission denied)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The `[PD:encryption:ErrEncryptionNewMasterKey]fail to get encryption key from file /root/path/file%!(EXTRA string=open /root/path/file: permission denied)` message is displayed when enabling encryption at rest for PD
```

> Static encryption does not support storing the key file in the `root` directory or its subdirectories. Even with added read permissions, the same error will occur. If you encounter this issue, consider placing the key file in a path outside of the `root` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encryption at rest does not support storing the key file in the `root` directory or its subdirectories. Even if you grant read permissions, the same error occurs. To resolve this issue, store the key file in a location outside the `root` directory.
```
https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/encryption-at-rest
